Fix Microsoft Sentinel mirroring BadRequest (#25916)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_5_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Sentinel

> - Fixed an issue where the ***get-modified-remote-data*** command not working properly with not UTC timezones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***get-modified-remote-data*** command did not work correctly with non-UTC timezones.
```
